What to submit / How to submit Assignment 2

1) Submit  tar ball named  csc488h.A2.XY.tar  (where XY is your team number).
   If more than one tar ball is submitted by a team we will use the most
   recent one.  Like this:

   submit -c csc488h  csc488h.A2.XY.tar

   See "man submit" on CDF for more information.

The tar ball should contain:

a) A README.A2 file that describes what each team member did for this assignment

b) Your  csc488.cups file

   We will use this file with the Assignment 2 starter code to build a parser
   and run that parser on our test cases.

c) A design document that describes how you designed your csc488.cups file.
   Explain the issues that arose with the source language reference grammar
   and how you resolved those issues

d) A tests directory containing all of the test cases that you used to
   test your compiler.  There should be two subdirectories
   tests/passing    tests for the correct operation of the parser (legal programs)
   tests/failing    test to demonstrate handling of syntax errors (invalid programs)

   Include a shell script  RUNALLTESTS.sh  that will run your compiler against
   all of your test cases.   Model it after the RUNCOMPILER.sh file we provided.
   We'll adjust the location of your compiler (e.g. WHERE) for our testing.

e) A document describing how you tested your csc488.cups file.
   Include an index with a one sentence description of each test case.

You should submit the following documents as hard copy to the
CSC488S drop box in BA2222.

   Only the documentation in part c) above

   We do not want listings of your test cases or your csc488.cup file.

NOTES

1) The file/directory  names and the name of the tarball itself are
   *case sensitive*.  Please try to hard to get the names exactly
    right so you don't break our automated processing scripts.

2) The documents you submit in the tarball should be in a format that is 
   easy to read on CDF.  In general this means  text files or PDF files.
   Do not submit Microsoft Word files.



