What to submit / What to submit for Assignment 5

1) Submit  tar ball named  csc488h.A5.XY.tar  (where XY is your team number).
   If more than one tar ball is submitted by a team we will use the most
   recent one.

The tar ball should contain:

a) a complete compilable source tree for your Assignment 5 compiler.
   We will compile your compiler from source and run it on our test cases.

   We will build your compiler for our testing by doing

   		ant distclean		# just to be sure
		ant gettools
		ant dist

    and will use the compiler  dist/compiler488.jar   in our testing.

  We don't need/want compiled files, so do  "ant distclean"  before
  you tar your source tree.   

  We do not need/want the javadoc for your compiler.  We can generate
  it if required.  "ant distclean" will remove the javadoc

  [The truly paranoid will verify that their compiler
   can be recompiled from the directory tree in the tar ball.
   Paranoia is recommended by many software engineers including the instructor.]

b) all of your test cases.  Please put them in a top-level directory
   named   testing .   Put all tests that you expect to pass in a subdirectory
   testing/pass .  Put all tests that you expect to fail (i.e. detect an error)
   in a subdirectory  testing/fail  .

   Provide an index of your test cases,  called  testing/README.tests 
   The index should give a *brief* summary of each test.
   It should clearly state which language features the test  is testing and
   whether it is expected to pass or fail.   It should indicate whether the
   test is new since previous assignments.

   Documentation of the testing that you did, i.e the testing process that your
   team used.

c) All of your documentation.  Put it in a top level directory named   doc
   Your documentation should describe all of the code you added to create your A5 solution.  
   An index of Java classes will make the marker happy.  Include:

   Document the code generator you implemented
   Your documentation should be independent of your Assignment 4 design document,
   i.e. the marker shouldn't have to (re)read your A4 document to understand what
   you've done for A5.  Emphasize what you've changed since A4.

   The Who-did-What description


